README.md, before:

# This is the current work in progress github page for the Expanded Sub Menu project for P3P.

## What is planned and what is implemented?

✅ Revamped Mod Menu

🔲 Quick Travel Plus

✅ Mobile Calendar

✅ Find a Friend

✅ Save Anywhere

🔲 Save Everyday

🔲 Remove Filler Events

✅ Remove Lunch Invites

✅ Show the Clock

🔲 Auto Healing

✅ Organize Party

🔲 Floor Select

🔲 Use Traesto Gems

🔲 Default Direct Commands

✅ Game Over Skip

## TODOs

Fix social link editing in Mod Menu.

Integrate Brawler's traesto code into the square menu.

Potentially add support for redoing Sunday hangouts, if declined, to Find a Friend.

Finish adding square menu code to the rest of the fields.

Change all bit flags and bit flag mentions to use in bounds bit flags.

## How can I contribute?

Make a fork, make your changes, and open a pull request! We're open to suggestions and ideas.

## Credits
As of 4/17/2024

Moddaman (0hmyC)

Brawler (BrawlerAce)

Dexxtrip (BonQerss)

DniweTamp

Commit message:

Fixed auto heal and updated README accordingly
* Fixed auto healing using int functions instead of void functions causing it not to compile.
* Updated README indicating that auto heal is fully working.
* Added TODO about adding Mod Menu exclusive features to existing mods.

README.md, after:

# This is the current work in progress github page for the Expanded Sub Menu project for P3P.

## What is planned and what is implemented?

✅ Revamped Mod Menu

🔲 Quick Travel Plus

✅ Mobile Calendar

✅ Find a Friend

✅ Save Anywhere

🔲 Save Everyday

🔲 Remove Filler Events

✅ Remove Lunch Invites

✅ Show the Clock

✅ Auto Healing

✅ Organize Party

🔲 Floor Select

🔲 Use Traesto Gems

🔲 Default Direct Commands

✅ Game Over Skip

## TODOs

Fix social link editing in Mod Menu.

Integrate Brawler's traesto code into the square menu.

Potentially add support for redoing Sunday hangouts, if declined, to Find a Friend.

Finish adding square menu code to the rest of the fields.

Change all bit flags and bit flag mentions to use in bounds bit flags.

Add Mod Menu exclusive features to other existing mods ( Add all party members no matter what to Party Organize, Free healing to Call the Clock and Auto Healing )

## How can I contribute?

Make a fork, make your changes, and open a pull request! We're open to suggestions and ideas.

## Credits
As of 4/17/2024

Moddaman (0hmyC)

Brawler (BrawlerAce)

Dexxtrip (BonQerss)

DniweTamp
